README.md, before:

# Modern Wikipedia API Client

A async Wikipedia API client with advanced features for professional use.

## Features

- **Async/Await Support**: Built with `aiohttp` for high-performance async operations
- **Automatic Rate Limiting**: Configurable rate limiting with smart backoff
- **Retry Logic**: Exponential backoff with jitter for robust error handling
- **Caching**: Time-based caching with TTL support
- **Multi-language Support**: Easy language switching
- **Batch Operations**: Optimized batch requests for multiple pages
- **Type Safety**: Full type annotations with Pydantic models
- **Error Handling**: Comprehensive error hierarchy
- **Production Ready**: Optimal defaults for production use

## Quick Start

### Installation

```bash
pip install wikipedia-async
```

```python
import asyncio
from wikipedia_async import WikipediaClient

async def main():
    # Initialize client with optimal defaults
    client = WikipediaClient()

    # Search for articles
    results = await client.search("Python programming")

    # Get page content
    page = await client.get_page("Python (programming language)")
    print(f"Title: {page.title}")
    print(f"Summary: {page.summary[:200]}...")

    # Batch operations
    pages = await client.get_pages_batch(["Python", "JavaScript", "Rust"])

    await client.close()

if __name__ == "__main__":
    asyncio.run(main())
```

## Configuration

```python
from wikipedia_async import WikipediaClient, ClientConfig

config = ClientConfig(
    language="en",
    rate_limit_calls=10,
    rate_limit_period=1.0,
    max_retries=3,
    cache_ttl=300,  # 5 minutes
    timeout=30.0,
    max_concurrent_requests=10
)

client = WikipediaClient(config=config)
```

See Docs [Here](https://github.com/shhossain/wikipedia-async/blob/main/docs/DOCUMENTATION.md)

See Examples [Here](https://github.com/shhossain/wikipedia-async/blob/main/examples)

Commit message:

feat: Enhance Wikipedia client configuration and add section parsing capabilities
- Updated ClientConfig to include auto_detect_language and changed cache_type to use Literal for stricter type checking.
- Removed deprecated models in models.py and added new section and content helpers for improved content parsing.
- Introduced HTML parsing functionality to extract sections and tables from Wikipedia pages.
- Added logging capabilities with a custom logger for better debugging.
- Implemented a SectionHelper class to manage sections and their content effectively.
- Created a new test script to demonstrate the usage of the Wikipedia client and section helpers.
- Added comprehensive models for handling Wikipedia API responses, including geographic data and batch results.

README.md, after:

# Modern Wikipedia API Client

A async Wikipedia API client with advanced features for professional use.

## Features

- **Async/Await Support**: Built with `aiohttp` for high-performance async operations
- **Automatic Rate Limiting**: Configurable rate limiting with smart backoff
- **Retry Logic**: Exponential backoff with jitter for robust error handling
- **Caching**: Time-based caching with TTL support
- **Multi-language Support**: Easy language switching
- **Batch Operations**: Optimized batch requests for multiple pages
- **Type Safety**: Full type annotations with Pydantic models
- **Error Handling**: Comprehensive error hierarchy
- **Production Ready**: Optimal defaults for production use

## Quick Start

### Installation

```bash
pip install wikipedia-async
```

```python
import asyncio
from wikipedia_async import WikipediaClient

async def main():
    # Initialize client with optimal defaults
    client = WikipediaClient()

    # Search for articles
    res = await client.search("Python programming")
    results = res.results
    print(f"Found {len(results)} search results:")

    # Get page content
    page = await client.get_page("Python (programming language)") # url or title
    print(f"Title: {page.title}")
    print(f"Summary: {page.summary[:200]}...")

    # Sections (table supported)
    print("Sections:")
    for section in page.sections:
        print(section.to_string(markdown=True))

    # if tables don't show set get_page(include_tables=True) to explicitly get tables (which is slower)

    # Batch operations
    res = await client.get_pages_batch(["Python", "JavaScript", "Rust"]) # list of titles or urls
    for p in res.successful:
        print(f"- {p.title} ({p.url})")
    for err in res.failed:
        print(err)

    await client.close()

if __name__ == "__main__":
    asyncio.run(main())
```

## Configuration

```python
from wikipedia_async import WikipediaClient, ClientConfig

config = ClientConfig(
    language="en",
    rate_limit_calls=10,
    rate_limit_period=1.0,
    max_retries=3,
    cache_ttl=300,  # 5 minutes
    timeout=30.0,
    max_concurrent_requests=10
)

client = WikipediaClient(config=config)
```

See Docs [Here](https://github.com/shhossain/wikipedia-async/blob/main/docs/DOCUMENTATION.md)

**Note**: The documentation is outdated

See Examples [Here](https://github.com/shhossain/wikipedia-async/blob/main/examples/examples.py)
